WIP - Metadata changes (#737)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/datainvestigations/view-people-of-interest-activity.md

3. After you select an export option, a message is displayed at the bottom of the window that prompts you to open the CSV file, save it to the Downloads folder, or save it to a specific folder

> For more information about viewing, filtering, or exporting audit log search results, see [Search the audit log in the Office 365](../search-the-audit-log-in-security-and-compliance.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about viewing, filtering, or exporting audit log search results, see [Search the audit log in the Security & Compliance Center](../search-the-audit-log-in-security-and-compliance.md).
```
